[ominous music]
[crew] Our satellite's picking up
an enormous magnetic field.
It's at 7.5 Tesla and rising.
We haven't seen levels like this before.
Except in those records from 40 years ago.
Does this mean that
"it" is going to appear?
It's emitting some gravitational waves.
[ominous music]
[crew 1]
The ocean water has been sucked in.
My god. Just how much mass
is inside of that warped space?
[crew 2] The atmosphere above
our observation point has become unstable.
Increase the radius on the no-sail zone
to 100 kilometers.
[gasps]
[crew 3] Unbelievable.
[opera music]
[narrator] Here, there is a single plate.
The message it carries
is a warning to us in the present.
From an advanced ancient civilization
that grew too advanced
and was destroyed.
This is their message.
"Protect our heritage from the wicked."
Trusting in this message,
one organization strives
to keep the advanced
ancient civilization sealed away.
The special operatives
of that organization are called
"Spriggan."
[theme music]
[sighs]
[gasps]
[lively music]
[Director Yamamoto]
Special Advisor Foster, welcome!
Thank you for coming here, sir.
We were all delighted to hear
that you're making this unexpected visit.
May I ask… I-I mean,
you're the highest level special advisor
to the ARCAM Group Ocean Development Team.
[Director Yamamoto]
W-what brings you to Japan?
[motorcycle approaching]
-[tires screeching]
-[yelps]
Sup, Captain, sorry for the wait.
Yu! Please tell me you didn't call him?
[Yu] Yeah, I did.
Idiot! Do you have any idea who that is?
I'm watching other countries
via satellite.
So I don't think it's gonna turn
into a big thing.
Can't be too careful. Right, Ominae?
-Uh…
-[Foster] If this is a waste of my time,
I'll knock you into the ocean.
Ah, I got it handled.
-Hey, Captain, you'll like this one.
-[groans]
Reappearing for the first time
in 40 years…
The Island of Ghosts!
THE FORGOTTEN KINGDOM
Right. Are we ready?
Yes, Captain. All clear.
[Foster] Okay, then, dead slow ahead.
[ship engine screeching]
[Rosinante officer 1] Full speed ahead,
no adjustments.
Steering 110 degrees,
true course, 115 degrees.
Set navigation. Autopilot on.
Navigation on autopilot.
[Rosinante officer 2] Hold course mode.
[Yu] I heard the rumors,
but it's something else
seeing the finished
eighth-generation model.
All right, so tell me the truth,
did you call me all the way out here
because you wanted to take
a ride on my ship?
I thought a custom-built ship
would be flashier, if I'm being honest.
Like with cannons and stuff.
If we did that, border control
would never let us into the country.
[Foster]
This is a survey vessel in theory.
But if you'd like to have
a little bit of fun,
I could let you take
the reins for a while.
You know I'm still in high school, right?
I'll pass for now.
[Yu] It's such a beautiful day.
The perfect kind of weather to set sail.
-[crew] Hey! What the hell is that?
-Huh?
[machine whirring]
Yu, hi!
Yoshino?
[engine popping]
[shrieks, screams]
[Yoshino screaming]
[crew] It's gonna hit us!
-Watch out!
-[people screaming]
[crashes]
Well, what are you doing here?
I came to see you, silly.
Isn't it obvious?
[giggles]
Dirty liar!
Yu, who is this girl?
Yoshino Somei.
Infamous tomb robber and pain in the ass.
[Yu] Sixteen relics totally destroyed,
twenty-nine relics rendered unusable,
forty-five relics escalated
to international incidents
and declared untouchable indefinitely.
She's worse than an entire army
of incompetent soldiers.
Hey! You don't have to make it sound
that horrible.
We should just throw her
into the ocean, now.
Don't worry, there's no way she would die.
Hm?
[grunts]
Mister! Mister, you wouldn't do such
a thing to a fragile maiden, would you?
I wanna see the Island of Ghosts.
Please, can I come?
Hey, how did you know that's our target?
-[snorts]
-[grunts]
[Foster] Why not?
Seriously?
She's got guts getting aboard
this ship all by herself.
And I like that, so yes.
And we're headed to the middle
of the Pacific.
So there'll be nowhere to run off
and hide.
Just one rule,
don't interfere with ship operations.
[Yoshino squeals]
You're a really good guy, Mister!
[giggles]
Give me a break.
[crew] Target survey vessel
has passed point Delta-4.
Bearing 110 degrees. Speed 20 knots.
Current estimated time of arrival,
tomorrow morning at 0230.
All according to plan.
7th fleet ships, stand by
in a line from point W to point Y.
Alert the submarine
that's accompanying us.
I don't wanna rack up
any more debt to the Navy.
Just don't let them get close.
We've identified the crew, sir.
It's Team Foster and a Spriggan…
Yu Ominae.
Well then, it would seem, bringing him
with us was the correct decision.
[Rosinante officer] The Island of Ghosts
is approximately 340 nautical miles
west, southwest of Wake Island.
It will appear in the ocean
at 18 degrees 46 minutes north
and 172 degrees 10 minutes east.
The appearance will last 10 hours.
Assuming it follows the same pattern,
that'll be in four days.
But it isn't some kind
of optical camouflage?
Hiding something like what, a tsunami?
This ship can't sink. We'll be safe.
Hm, I wonder…
the incidences and things that vanished,
could well be due
to whatever it is on this island.
That's not possible.
[laughs forcefully]
Well, we don't know what space bending
technology might look like,
so we have no idea what this thing
can really do.
Pop goes the weasel
and I can't wait to see what comes out.
[beeping]
[Rosinante crew] Single white light!
Thirty two thousand yards away,
at thirty degrees to starboard.
[Rosinante crew] Visuals on port and
starboard running lights, azimuth of zero.
Likely a freight vessel!
[Rosinante officer] Captain!
[Rosinante officer] It seems the vessel
in question has turned off its AIS signal.
Well, that's not a logical countermeasure
for seajacking.
Whose ship is it?
[Rosinante crew] They fired something!
-The target appears to be our ship!
-[Foster clicks tongue]
They faked their running lights
to pose as a commercial ship.
Homing missiles incoming!
[gasps]
What's that?
[Foster] Prepare for anti-aircraft combat.
All lasers, AW auto!
Shoot it down now!
[tense music]
[explosion]
[weapon clicks]
[people yelping]
Can someone explain
why a survey ship has laser weapons?
[Rosinante crew 1]
We've shot down all enemy missiles.
One detonation was at close range.
Damage unknown!
All stations, damage reports!
[Yu] Captain, what's going on here?
[Foster] No clue.
Why don't you go ask our enemy?
We've got the attacking vessel's ID.
[Rosinante crew 2] United States Navy
7th fleet, Aegis Cruiser,
hull number CG-76.
The Randall H. Driscoll.
[gasps]
It's America?
They destroyed our missiles.
The target was not hit!
Mr. Markusson,
what the hell kind of ship is that?
I was not informed that they were equipped
with laser weapons.
[Markusson] It's the ARCAM Motion
Development survey ship, Rosinante.
They say, they're on the side of justice
while converting relics
of ancient civilizations
into weapons tech.
But we can't just attack them
without any warning.
[Markusson]
We will take full responsibility.
Continue the harpoon strikes.
Sink them if you must.
It's not like any evidence will remain.
That's way too aggressive.
Captain Lyman.
You will obey my orders
as long as I am here.
If you do not, you may unfortunately
find the upper ranks
questioning your suitability as captain.
[groans]
Sir, pardon me for asking but who's he?
That's Larry Markusson.
[crew leader] He's a director at Trident,
which dominates arms manufacturing
across the globe.
[crew leader] It seems even the top brass
fall in line behind Trident.
Oh no, anti-ship missiles!
[Rosinante officer] Captain!
They're accelerating
in our direction, closing in fast!
Bastard. Does he think
he can commandeer this ship, too?
All right, let's see if they can keep up.
Hard starboard!
[Foster] Stop conventional power!
Switch to superconducting thrusters!
You're switching to what now?
[crew] All crew members,
brace for rolling!
[tense music]
Hey, you better hold on real tight!
[Yu and Yoshino gasp]
[explosion]
[Yu and Yoshino shriek]
[engine whirring]
[explosions]
[enemy crew gasps]
The enemy is gaining massive speed!
They're going 60 knots minimum.
They're moving how fast?
Rosinante. Bold of you calling your ship
a lazy old nag.
What do you think?
How would you handle the situation?
[soldier] I'd fire all the remaining
harpoon missiles now.
It doesn't matter if this ship goes down.
[crew gasps]
You'll lose the battle to win the war.
Those laser guns fired for that long,
their batteries won't last.
[Rosinante crew]
We're approaching 90 knots.
Fifteen seconds to cruising speed
-at 120 knots.
-[Yoshino] Damn, it hurts.
This is a formidable ship.
That's 200 kilometers per hour!
This ship did cost a ton of money,
but it can match a full-on
nuclear aircraft carrier.
It can take even a battleship one-on-one.
[missiles fire]
[Rosinante crew] The enemy ship
has launched missiles.
Four of them incoming!
They're damn homing missiles again.
Rear laser, AW auto!
[Foster] Shoot them all down.
[explosion]
The rear laser. It's offline.
Hm. The thrusters are using
too much power.
We failed to intercept one.
[crew] We're gonna take a direct hit.
-Huh?
-No, we're not.
[grunts]
-What the hell are you doing?
-[crew] The missile is directly ahead!
10,000 yards off!
Are you trying to kill us, kid?
What are you doing?
[Yoshino] If that missile hits us, you can
forget reaching the Island of Ghosts
'cause we'll be ghosts ourselves!
[gasps]
There it is.
Now!
[beeping]
[yelling]
[explosion]
[enemy crew] Enemy vessel's
accelerating towards us,
15 degrees starboard.
Well, don't just stand there.
Sink them with the main guns.
-[ship gun fires]
-[enemy crew] But…
but the gun's rotation can't keep up!
[Rosinante crew] Power supply
to the laser cannons has been restored.
Ready to fire!
[Foster] Northside laser.
Take aim at the Driscoll's engine!
Now, give it all she's got. Full power!
[Foster] Let's blow those bastards apart!
[suspenseful music]
[explosion]
[engine revs]
[beeps]
[gasps]
[all cheering]
Hold on. We dodged it? But how?
Ominae, how'd you know that missile would
pop up and not just skim the surface?
We've had some pretty choppy seas tonight.
I figured they'd set it to pop-up
to increase their hit chances.
If this ship wasn't so fast, we'd be
on the bottom of the ocean right now.
[Foster] You were playing chicken
with that harpoon missile,
waiting for the moment it jumped up.
I'm thinking maybe I should've had you
take over this ship after all.
No thanks. This one's all you.
[indistinct chatter]
[Markusson]
That quick-thinking and perfect timing.
That wasn't Captain Foster.
Tell me, do you have any thoughts on that,
Mr. Bowman?
[Bowman] Yu Ominae?
I'm excited to see how far
this old man can push you.
[chuckles]
I never thought I'd see the day.
[yawns]
[Foster]
There's no point in straining your eyes.
When the island appears,
the lookout will announce it.
[Yu scoffs]
Nice try.
I'm gonna see this Island of Ghosts
appear with my own eyes.
I'll stand here all day if I have to.
[Foster] You wanna see all the mysteries
the world has to offer, don't you?
I'm greedy, what can I say?
Leaving all these mysteries as mysteries
feels like such a waste.
[groans]
That's so dumb.
[gasps]
What is it?
[Yu] Do you see that?
[crew 1] Captain!
Our radar and electronics, they're frozen!
[crew 2] Touch panel unresponsive!
[crew 3] Laser controls are frozen!
[crew 4] Sonar scanning has shut off!
Passive sonar has gone quiet.
We're not even getting underwater noise.
Don't freak out.
[electricity crackling]
[Foster] It's probably because of that.
What? The island's warping?
[chuckles]
Yup. It finally popped up.
This is what keeps life interesting.
[Foster] All crew, prepare to land
on the Island of Ghosts.
[Bowman] If I run into the others
on the island, how should I handle them?
Your assignment here is merely to locate
the object in question,
and then bring it straight back
to this ship.
And if the Spriggan should start meddling
in our business,
please, do not hesitate to kill him.
[enemy crew leader] Are you sure
this will work, Mr. Markusson?
Maybe one of our team
should accompany him?
No, it will be all right.
[Markusson] This is what we brought him
along for after all.
[Yu] It's huge!
Oh, man. Egypt's got nothing on this!
Even cranes designed for rocket ships
couldn't lift giant stones like these.
[Foster] It's constructed
with such craftsmanship and precision,
you couldn't even slide a razor blade
into the gaps.
It must've taken a very advanced
civilization to build all this.
-[warping]
-Hm?
Yeah, but it's still
a pretty freaky island, though.
I wonder if the reason for the island's
disappearances is in these pyramids?
Maybe, thanks to the piezoelectric effect,
the mass of all these pyramids
could've led to a build up
of strong currents.
[Yu] But something gives me the feeling
there's more to them than that.
[Foster] There's nothing inside.
That's weird.
These are blast marks
from a C4 detonation.
Looks like it was just
a few months ago, too.
Meaning, someone else
must've gotten here before we did.
But that doesn't quite add up to me.
-[crew] Captain!
-Hm?
Come over here and have a look at this!
That… I don't believe it!
[mysterious music]
Is that the Eldridge?
The destroyer you used
for your little experiment.
It's shipwrecked over on that island.
[Markusson] During World War II,
the Philadelphia Experiment
attempted to use strong magnetic energy
to run their radar inoperable,
and make their ships invisible.
But the Eldridge vanished without warning
during the experiment.
After being displaced in Norfolk,
hundreds of miles away,
it disappeared again.
But that ship… All of that nonsense
is just an urban legend.
[Markusson] The American Military
has quite a knack
for covering things up though,
don't you?
Mr. Markusson,
you need to fill me in, right now.
[crew leader] What is that place?
[Markusson] Oh, that place…
Well, it's a manmade island
equipped with ancient technology
to allow it to move through space.
Huh?
Forty years ago, the US Navy
sent a survey team to the island
and found a power source
that crossed between dimensions.
But then, the island disappeared again,
and the survey team along with it.
[Markusson] That's not all.
Scattered about the island are the remains
of the ships and aircrafts
that vanished from oceans
around the world.
[chuckles]
It's like…
the aftermath of a black hole
appearing on earth.
[gasps]
Well, I'm sure this mystery
will clear up soon enough.
[Markusson] So long as Bowman succeeds
and brings the item back to us.
That's amazing.
We've seen six ships and ten planes
so far, not even counting the Eldridge.
It looks like time passes
a little bit differently here.
[Foster] Look,
this ship's from the 16th century
but has only deteriorated around 10 years.
The passenger ship we found earlier
looked far worse.
[crew] Well, I really don't feel
like turning into an old geezer here.
-[laughter]
-[Foster] What is it, Yu?
-[Yu] Something's coming.
-[Foster] The Americans?
[Yu] No, something else.
[ground explodes]
[suspenseful music]
What the… Huh?
-Over here, too. Take that.
-[gasps]
[guns firing]
[crew groans]
[Yoshino grunts]
Are you kidding?
[panting]
-[crew groans]
-Shit, Heinz!
[Heinz groaning]
[screams]
[Yu grunts]
[grunting]
[weapons clashing]
[tense music]
[yelling]
[rumbles]
[Foster] Wow.
What the hell are these things?
[Yu] The guardians of the island.
They came to drive out us invaders.
Shoot, if this keeps up,
the ship will catch hell, too.
Huh?
[Yu] Where's Yoshino?
Huh? She was just here.
That little…
[Yu] I can't believe her!
[Yoshino grunts]
What even was that?
[clicks tongue]
I'd never find any artifacts to sell.
Not with them around.
[warping]
The island is expanding?
I better get a move on and finish up here.
This body has only been dead
for about two or three months.
What in the world?
[gasps]
Yeah, baby! That's what I'm talking about.
Shiny things for me to sell.
[Yoshino] Just when I thought this island
was a total bust,
it offers up some treasure.
[humming happily]
[warbles]
[Yoshino grunting]
[gasps]
[whimsical music]
[gasping]
[blares]
[Yoshino gasps]
No way…
[Yu] Thunder Bolt.
Well, this is quite the hot potato.
Now, where did that moron run off to?
-[leaves rustling]
-[gasps]
[ominous music]
Two men.
[gun firing]
[chuckles]
Looks like I was right.
There's one!
[gasps]
[gun firing]
What's happening?
Just as one guy vanished, I sensed
a new presence off to the side.
-[gasps]
-[explosion]
[groans]
[gun firing]
[Yu grunts]
Come on.
-[Bowman laughs]
-[gasps]
[Bowman] You seem rather bewildered.
How many times did I tell you
to fight with a cool head?
Wait, that voice…
[Bowman] Face reality.
Don't lose your focus.
Stay aware of your surroundings.
Keep calm then make your move.
Or have you gotten too soft
to follow even those simple instructions?
[Yu] There's no way.
[Bowman] Well, I'll just have
to teach you that lesson again.
With your death.
Shut up!
[music intensifies]
[music stops]
[grunts]
[Bowman] Stop fighting.
If you move now, I guarantee
I'll slice open your carotid artery.
I heard a doppelganger Spriggan
was out there somewhere,
and that he generates a second self.
[Yu] I never imagined it was you,
Instructor Bowman.
[Bowman] Instructor?
Not anymore.
These days, I'm a major with Trident
who you at ARCAM so abhor.
Though, at present,
I am accompanying the US Navy.
[Yu] I heard you'd left ARCAM, but I never
thought you'd fall in with that lot.
Say, weren't you the one always telling us
we should do the right thing?
[Yu] Why did you betray ARCAM?
[grunts]
[gun firing]
[Yu grunts]
You can let him go, grandpa. You hear me?
[Yu] Run, Yoshino!
You're no match for this guy!
[Yoshino] Moron! Now's not the time
for your squabbling.
Things are getting out of control here.
We have to do something soon!
[Yoshino] The island's about to disappear.
[both gasp]
This necklace, it revealed to me
all of the island's secrets.
[gasps]
The Island of Ghosts was converted
to an artificial evacuation location
that can move between dimensions.
What?
Therefore, those pyramids,
are likely power reactors
using the Earth's energy to lock
the island in another dimension.
But the inhabitants of the island
were unable to control them.
Thus, they were sadly wiped out
by an unforeseen accident.
The Island of Ghosts was wandering
space and time.
All the while, it's been storing up
energy from the Earth.
[Yoshino] But now, it's at its limit.
It's on the verge of bursting out.
When the island vanishes next,
the energy release will take
the entire Pacific, Japan and all,
into another dimension.
So I mean it, drop the moron!
[Yoshino] We got to hurry up
and destroy the reactor.
[Bowman groans]
[electricity crackling]
[Bowman] Understood.
Let's call a temporary truce.
[grunts]
[Yu] Well, where's this power
reactor thing?
That way.
[Yoshino] It's inside that pyramid.
[sighs]
Now, we can't destroy the pyramid
with the Driscoll's equipment set.
Especially, not after the Rosinante
disabled our fire control.
Okay, grandpa. Think a little harder!
Are you saying that a fragile maiden
like me should have to die on this island?
-Not yet.
-Huh?
[Yu] We're not totally out of options.
I see, it's Thunder Bolt.
What is Thunder Bolt?
Back at the end of World War II,
an Allied B-29 plane
that was carrying a nuclear bomb
disappeared without a trace
while on the way to Japan.
[Bowman] Now, the name of that lost plane
was Thunder Bolt.
Uh, wait. Are you telling me that…
Yeah, it's exactly what you think.
So, I guess we have to use this
to destroy the pyramid.
Hey, uh, I know you're an expert
in bomb disposal,
so… can you put the detonator on a timer?
[Bowman] The casing is undamaged,
so radiation leaks are unlikely.
But it looks like the high voltage battery
for initiating the fuse is dead.
I have to find a solution for that.
I knew that I could count
on an honorable former Spriggan!
I'll go try to find something we can use.
Uh, I'll go too.
[warbles]
-[footsteps receding]
-Hm.
[somber music]
[sighs]
[tools clanging]
[gasps]
When will you understand, Yu?
That kindness and naivety
are putting holes in your defense.
[younger Bowman] It won't just be you
it kills, but your allies as well.
Face reality!
Don't lose your focus!
Stay aware of your surroundings,
keep calm, then make your move.
[younger Bowman] And think for yourself.
Otherwise, you're gonna lose
more things you love!
[dramatic music]
[younger Bowman]
What a marvel this all is.
Don't you think it's a marvel, Yu?
I really do love this landscape.
This planet could swallow up
and wash away all the prosperity
the human intellect has wrought
as though it were nothing.
No human love or hatred will remain,
but life and its workings will.
You and I are but single parts of that.
And that's why you and I
are able to stand upon this earth.
[younger Bowman]
Why we can look upon this landscape.
And yet, people continue
to dig up the past,
hungry to reclaim the prosperity
of bygone years.
After the ancient artifacts
are used to gain power,
after they are made into weapons,
they will be turned
on this land before us.
ARCAM's purpose is to guard the world
against that eventuality,
that is the duty of the Spriggan.
And to have been given this particular
duty, makes my heart burst with pride.
[younger Bowman] Yu.
You have the potential
to be the strongest of all Spriggan.
And now, my intention is to instill in you
everything I know.
My body is getting older now.
Soon, I'll be retiring from this work.
Make me proud, Yu.
[younger Bowman] The future of ARCAM
rests on your young shoulders.
[Bowman] There, it's all set up.
The last question is
whether it'll explode correctly.
That's just great.
I'm so done with this island.
I really wanna get out of here.
[Bowman] Unfortunately,
I can't allow that to happen.
Huh?
[Yoshino screams]
[grunting]
[Yu] Yoshino!
[Yoshino] That's a pretty unique trick
that you've got.
Inside this necklace,
there should be a data plate
explaining the mystery
of the island's reactors.
My assignment was easy, retrieve
the necklace and bring it to Trident.
Now, hand it over
and no one needs to get hurt.
-But if you resist, I will kill the girl.
-[grunting]
-[Bowman] And you alongside her.
-[snarls]
Yoshino, just give him the damn thing.
What? But I don't wanna…
[Yu] Hand it over or he'll kill you.
Okay, fine.
I will if you let me go.
You just had to pick up things
that you shouldn't.
Oh, just shut it, will ya?
Oh, crap. That would've been worth
a lot of money.
Yoshino, go back to the Rosinante
and report to the captain.
-[gasps]
-[Yu] If it comes down to it,
just leave without me.
You're joking, right?
[Yu] I'm a Spriggan.
I can't turn a blind eye
when relics are used for evil.
[laughs]
I figured this would happen.
So I set the timer to go off
90 minutes from now.
That's plenty of time for us
to settle this.
[Yoshino] Would you two knuckleheads
cut that out? Now is not the time!
[Yu] Shut up!
Get the hell away from me, now!
That's it, huh?
All right, then, I'll go away.
Guard your relics and ruins
as much as you want.
You're a jerk!
I'm sure you've noticed it.
I'm wearing an Armored Muscle Suit.
All thanks to the folks at Trident.
And this knife, you see?
Super hard Orichalcum.
So equipment-wise, we're on equal ground.
Begin!
-[grunting]
-[weapons clashing]
[Yu] Take that!
[groans]
I'll admit that you're fast.
But are you fast enough
to outrun my doppelganger?
[Bowman] You might be my student,
but you'll get no quarter from me.
[grunting]
[guns firing]
We're done for! They've got us cornered.
Damn it. We've got to battle them
hand to hand.
Are you nuts? Even the guns are useless.
[Foster] Yu took them out alone.
We should be able to take them together.
[crew] No way!
[explosion]
[grunting]
[Yoshino] Hey, Mister!
This way!
[explosion]
[men panting]
[Yoshino] Are you all okay?
[Foster] Where's Yu?
Forget about him. He's just a jerk.
[tense music]
[weapons clashing]
[Yu shrieks]
[yells]
[Yu panting]
Bowman, I can't…
You can't fight your own teacher?
You're so naïve. That's a fatal flaw.
[grunting]
[weapons clanging]
[Yu grunting]
You still don't see how cruel
this world can be, do you kid?
Face reality.
Don't lose focus.
I'm no Spriggan.
I'm a Trident mercenary. I am your enemy!
And that's why…
[shrieks]
…I really will kill you
right here and right now.
Because that is my assignment here.
[Foster] Bowman?
If what you're saying is true,
then it's very bad.
I can count on one hand
the number of people as skilled
with the knife as Bowman.
Not to mention, he has his doppelganger.
[Foster] No matter how you look at it,
Yu doesn't stand a chance.
-[ground rumbles]
-[gasps]
The island's energy radius
is rapidly expanding!
[crew] Captain,
we can't stay here any longer!
We're through.
Get us away from this island, now!
-[crew] Roger!
-No way.
[electricity crackling]
You're out of time.
I am loath to part, but this is the end.
[Bowman] Goodbye, Yu.
I'm putting a stop to all of this.
[breathing heavily]
Okay, I think I get the picture.
Say, kid…
[gasps]
Tell me something, how many allies died
'cause you can't get rid of your naivety?
Or rather, how many did you kill?
[Yu breathing heavily]
Face reality.
[Bowman] Don't lose your focus.
Otherwise,
you'll lose more and more of them.
The things you love.
Just like… back then!
[gasps]
[tense music]
No!
[gasps, grunts]
[Yu] Sir.
I finally worked out
what your doppelganger really is.
I don't quite understand the tech,
but you separate your presence
from your body.
Therefore, the real one
is the one I can't sense.
[laughs]
My doppelganger is actually just
a special form of hypnosis in the end.
Just an illusion.
But…
can you keep up with my knife?
[grunting]
Enough. We can end this.
I won, it's over.
If you keep fighting, then I'll…
then I'll have to kill you, sir!
[groans]
[laughs]
[weapons clashing]
[Bowman] How many times must I tell you
to cast aside the naivety.
Could it be that not enough have died yet?
[grunts]
This is your duty as a Spriggan!
[Bowman] Yu!
[grunting]
[metallic clanging]
[music stops]
[Yu gasps]
[groans]
[exhales]
[Yu] Sir!
Well done, Yu.
You kept cool and made your choice.
That was your strength.
Don't forget the lesson.
Please, sir, tell me something. Tell me
why did you have to abandon ARCAM?
[Yu] Your sense of duty
was stronger than anyone's.
[grunts]
One day you're gonna see it, too.
[Bowman] ARCAM isn't always in the right.
Stay aware of your surroundings.
Yu…
you must act according
to what you think is right.
What do you mean?
[Bowman grunting]
[gasps]
Thank you, my boy.
Look at you, you've grown.
You've become so strong,
and I got to face you at the end.
[groans]
I am at peace.
[Bowman groans]
[crying]
[Yu screams]
[waves crashing]
[thunder rumbles]
[Yu panting]
[Bowman] ARCAM isn't always in the right.
[wind howling]
[Yoshino]
What are you doing moping around up there?
[gasps]
[Yoshino]
Snap out of it and get on this boat!
Unless, of course, you're planning
on becoming a ghost yourself.
[tense music]
Both kids are back. Let's go!
[Foster] Seet superconductors to full!
Shove off from the island!
Now, what'd you do with my necklace?
[Yu] I forgot it.
[Yoshino] You what?
Speed 150 knots!
The thrusters are going to overload.
Never mind that, Bob.
Unless you wanna die, full speed ahead!
[warbles, explodes]
[rocks rustling]
[rumbling]
[explosion]
[suspenseful music]
[music stops]
[crew leader] That was a dicey situation,
Mr. Markusson.
I guess, if there's no word
from Major Bowman,
then, maybe it's time we, uh, you know…
I suppose that in the end…
Major Bowman just couldn't forget
that the Spriggan was his student.
Stop beating yourself up.
You and I both know
this is what he wanted.
[Foster] It wasn't your fault.
I swear, you can be such a massive
airhead sometimes.
Leaving that necklace behind,
you're an idiot.
I, however, think ahead.
[Yu] What? Where did you even get those?
[laughs]
Oh, just a little something
from a ship back there.
That's not a little!
If you hadn't messed around and swiped
that stupid necklace, then we wouldn't…
Hey pal, I thought you were happy
just knowing the island's secret.
What happened to that?
-Oh, well, no harm done.
-[snarling]
It's all thanks to the girl
that you even made it out of there alive.
Now, take a look at that.
[gasps]
Hm.
[Foster]
Why don't we all just take a moment,
and drink in the world's marvel, shall we?
[closing theme music]
[man] CP, this is OP-02.
CP? CP, do you copy?
Come in! Anyone! Is anyone there?
Hello?
[gasps]
[foreboding music]
[breathing tensely]
[knife screeching]
[man groaning]
Mission is now complete, Colonel.
Then we're done.
Clean up and we'll rendezvous.
[soldier] Yes, sir.
Your next assignment
has already been sent.
Confirm it.
[soldier] Understood.
Yu wasn't in class today either.
There's no point
worrying about guys like him.
It'll serve him right
if he has to repeat the whole year.
[Kagaho] Hatsuho.
[Colonel] Number 43.
Exterminate…
Yu Ominae.
[chuckles]
Subtitle translation by: Zensho Yamamoto